ESET Guide
Table of contents
ESET Security
ESET Internet Security
Features and benefits
Features in ESET Internet Security
Downloading and Installing
Supporting ESET
ESET Security

Windows has been the most popular operating system for PCs for decades – which means it’s the most common target for hackers and criminals. Malware, ransomware and millions of new viruses, designed to exploit new weaknesses in Windows and its preinstalled security software programs, are made every year.

ESET antivirus for Windows gives you the best protection and is continually being updated to guard against the latest threats and viruses. We’ve won a record number of Virus Bulletin’s VB100 awards, so you know you’re getting excellent protection with ESET.

ESET Knowledgebase -https://help.eset.com

ESSENTIAL SECURITY       - ESET NOD32 Antivirus
ADVANCED SECURITY     -ESET Internet Security
PREMIUM SECURITY        -ESET Smart Security Premium








ESET Internet Security
ESET Internet Security represents a new approach to truly integrated computer security. The most recent version of the ESET LiveGrid® scanning engine, combined with our custom Firewall and Antispam modules, utilize speed and precision to keep your computer safe. The result is an intelligent system that is constantly on alert for attacks and malicious software that might endanger your computer.

ESET Internet Security is a complete security solution that combines maximum protection and a minimal system footprint. Our advanced technologies use artificial intelligence to prevent infiltration by viruses, spyware, trojan horses, worms, adware, rootkits, and other threats without hindering system performance or disrupting your computer.

Features and benefits
Redesigned user interface

The user interface in this version has been significantly redesigned and simplified based on the results of usability testing. All GUI wording and notifications have been carefully reviewed and the interface now provides support for right-to-left languages such as Hebrew and Arabic. Online Help is now integrated into ESET Internet Security and offers dynamically updated support content.

Antivirus and antispyware

Proactively detects and cleans more known and unknown viruses, worms, trojans and rootkits. Advanced heuristics flags even never-before-seen malware, protecting you from unknown threats and neutralizing them before they can do any harm. Web access protection and Anti-Phishing works by monitoring communication between web browsers and remote servers (including SSL). Email client protection provides control of email communication received through the POP3(S) and IMAP(S) protocols.

Regular updates

Regularly updating the detection engine (previously known as "virus signature database") and program modules is the best way to ensure the maximum level of security on your computer.

ESET LiveGrid®
(Cloud-powered Reputation)

You can check the reputation of running processes and files directly from ESET Internet Security.

Device control

Automatically scans all USB flash drives, memory cards and CDs/DVDs. Blocks removable media based on the type of media, manufacturer, size and other attributes.

HIPS functionality

You can customize the behavior of the system in greater detail; specify rules for the system registry, active processes and programs, and fine-tune your security posture.

Gamer mode

Postpones all pop-up windows, updates or other system-intensive activities to conserve system resources for gaming and other full-screen activities.

Features in ESET Internet Security
Banking & Payment Protection

Banking & Payment protection provides a secured browser for use when accessing online banking or online payment gateways to ensure all online transactions take place in a trusted and secure environment.

Support for Network signatures

Network signatures allow fast identification and block malicious traffic coming to and from users devices such as bots and exploit packs. The feature can be considered an enhancement of Botnet Protection.

Intelligent Firewall

Prevents unauthorized users from accessing your computer and taking advantage of your personal data.

ESET Antispam

Spam represents up to 50 percent of all email communication. Antispam protection serves to protect against this problem.

Anti-Theft

Anti-Theft expands user-level security in the case of a lost or stolen computer. Once users install ESET Internet Security and Anti-Theft, their device will be listed in the web interface. The web interface allows users to manage their Anti-Theft configuration and administer anti-theft features on their device.

Parental control

Protects your family from potentially offensive web content by blocking various website categories.

A license needs to be active in order for features of ESET Internet Security to be operational. It is recommended that you renew your license several weeks before the license for ESET Internet Security expires.


Downloading and Installing
Installation Guide
You can follow the Eset guide at the following link for assistance with downloading and installing

https://support.eset.com/en/kb6276-download-and-install-eset-internet-security

Supporting ESET
ESET Help Site / Knowledgebase

On this page you will select the product and Version of the product. You will then be presented with all the documentation for that product and version. The common questions section should be your first port of call.

https://help.eset.com/

eg - NOD32 V16 Common Questions - https://help.eset.com/eav/16/en-US/idh_faq.html

You can additionally use the self help troubleshooting guide below to assist home users

https://www.eset.com/int/support/contact/

Common Installation Errors:

https://support.eset.com/en/kb2955-common-eset-installation-error-messages

Video Content

ESET has a large amount of video content available on Youtube for further learning. Please note some of these videos may be for older versions.

https://www.youtube.com/user/ESETKnowledgebase/videos

Link to article: https://support.rsaweb.co.za/agent/rsaweb/all/help-center/page?articlestatus=published&showAllArticles=true&rootcategoryId=6557000000057106&categoryId=6557000666997097&status=published#Solutions/dv/6557000666997316/en
