Table of contents
This is a fixed LTE service; the customer cannot move the router between different premises
The router will only work within 5KMs of the fixed address which is the RICA address unless a change has been requested.
The customer may change the address up to 3 times a year should their fixed address change, subject to feasibility.
RICA may fail due to many lines RICA’d against a specific ID number, this will result in a RICA error: RICA Pre-Paid Registration Threshold Per ID/Passport Number Limit Reached
In this instance a copy of address and ID needs to be sent to MTN in order to allow for further RICA, this can take up to 48 business hours as it is done by the regulatory and not MTN or RSAWEB.
Service Information
APN
 APN Name: RSAWEB

APN: ws.rsaweb.fwa

 

Packages
https://www.rsaweb.co.za/connectivity/fixed-lte/

SIM Only

Price p/m

FixedLTE 10GB (5GB+5GB)

R95,00

FixedLTE 50GB (25GB+25GB)

R195,00

FixedLTE 100GB (50GB+50GB)

R345,00

FixedLTE 200GB (100GB+100GB)

R545,00

FixedLTE 500GB (250GB+250GB)

R1 495,00

 

SIM and Router Rental

Price p/m

FixedLTE 10GB (5GB+5GB)

R145,00

FixedLTE 50GB (25GB+25GB)

R245,00

FixedLTE 100GB (50GB+50GB)

R395,00

FixedLTE 200GB (100GB+100GB)

R595,00

FixedLTE 500GB (250GB+250GB)

R1 545,00

 

Topup

Price

FixedLTE 1GB Anytime

R10,00

FixedLTE 2GB Anytime
R20,00
FixedLTE 5GB Anytime

R45,00

FixedLTE 10GB Anytime

R70,00

FixedLTE 20GB Anytime

R140,00

FixedLTE 50GB Anytime

R300,00

FixedLTE 100GB Anytime

R600,00


Nightsurfer
The data rules below are in effect.
Data Rules

Our data packages consist of two types of data, Anytime Data and Nighttime Data
Please note the oldest data package for the applicable time period will be used first. Ie First in first out.   As an example if you have run out of anytime data and still have Nightsurfer data and top-up you will be using the nightsurfer data during the night anoutside those hours. If you have topup data left after Month end that will be used before your new months data cap.

Anytime Data

Anytime data is valid for 61 days

Nighttime Data

During the hours of 12pm to 4:59am Nightsurfer data will be used instead of anytime data assuming there is Nightsurfer data available.  Expires within the same calendar month

Top Ups
Valid for 30Days from purchase and are only Anytime data

Capping

NB! If the client is out of anytime data they are considered capped and cannot access Nightsurfer data until they have topped up their anytime data. Nightsurfer data is considered free and can only be used when the account has anytime, paid, data available

Hardware Information
This service requires a cat6 router and needs to be on the below approved device list supplied by MTN


Billion BiPAC 8206 AZ
HUAWEI 5G CPE PRO 2
HUAWEI B2368
HUAWEI B2368-22
HUAWEI B2368-57
HUAWEI B2368-66
HUAWEI B525S-23A
HUAWEI B525S-65A
HUAWEI B525S-95A
HUAWEI B535-932
HUAWEI B612-233
HUAWEI B612-533
HUAWEI B612S-25D
HUAWEI B612S-51D
HUAWEI B612S-52D
HUAWEI B618S-22D
HUAWEI B618S-65D
HUAWEI B618S-66D
HUAWEI B818-263
MIKROTIK CHATEAU LTE12
TP-LINK ARCHER MR600(EU)2.0
VIDA CPE4000-PLUS
VIDA CPE4000-PRO
ZTE 5G CPE MC801A
ZTE MF286
ZTE MF286A
ZTE MF286C
ZTE MF286C1
ZTE MF286D
ZTE MF286R
ZYXEL LTE7460
ZYXEL LTE7480-M804

The following TP-Link has also been approved by MTN

TP-LINK 4G AC1200 Dual Band Gigabit Router


Some examples from the list above :



Two routers are provided by Rsaweb for this product.

LTE MF286C1 ZTE
TP-LINK 4G AC1200 Dual Band Gigabit Router

Router : TP-LINK 4G AC1200 Dual Band Gigabit Router

For setting up the router follow the below steps

1) Navigate to 192.168.1.1 in a web browser on a PC connected to the router to get to the router interface. If that is not the correct IP use the default gateway you see listed against the network card the router is connected to when you do an ipconfig /all



2) Type in default username and password: admin



3) Once logged in click on Advanced at the top of the interface then Network from the menu on the left.



Click Internet under the Network Menu



Select Create Profile



Profile name: RSAWEB
APN type: Static
APN: ws.rsaweb.fwa
Authentication Type: None


Router : LTE MF286C1 ZTE
















  Indicator Lights

Indicator

State

Description

POWER

 

Blue ON

Power is on and external power supply is working normally.

OFF

Power is off or external power supply is working abnormally.

WIFI

 

Blue ON

WLAN works normally with no data transmission.

Blue Blinking

WLAN works normally with data transmission.

OFF

WLAN works abnormally or the WLAN function is disabled.

SIG  



Blue ON

Signal strength is very good or good.

Blue Blinking

Signal strength is weak.

OFF

There is no signal.

G/G  



Red

The device is turned on but not registered to the mobile network.

Blue Blinking

The device is connected to the LTE network and data is being transferred.

Blue Solid

The device is registered to the LTE network.

Green

Blinking

The device is connected to the G network and data is being transferred.

Green Solid

The device is registered to the G network.

LAN  

Green ON

The LAN port is connected.

Green

Blinking

The LAN port is connected with data transmission.

OFF

The network cable is not connected.

 

Router Access

Launch the Internet browser and enter http://192.168.0.1/ in the address bar to reach the login page.



Input the password and then click
Login
. The default password is admin.

Once logged in you will be presented with the router options page






1 – Connection Type – Should always be LTE

2 – Service network – Should always be MTN

3 – Signal Strength Indicator

4 – Connection Status – The arrows indicate throughput when they turn green and gray when no throughput

5 – SIM Status – Indicates a valid SIM card is present in the device

6 – Wifi Status – Indicates whether the routers wifi is active or not

7 – Access Device – Shows devices connected by cable and by wifi



8 – My Router – LTE and WIFI Settings
LTE Slider must be selected as ON
LTE Connection Settings











A – Connection Mode – This should be left as default as per the below



B – Network Selection – This should be left as the default



C – APN Settings


Ensure the RSAWEB APN is selected and is setup with the correct details as per the above
WIFI Settings



The above settings can be changed with the client at their request for the 2.4Gz and 5Gz network

9 – Net Surfing – Real-time data transfer information































































A – Connection Length – Displays the connections uptime
B – Data Download – Shows Data being downloaded
C – Data Upload – Shows Data being uploaded
 

10 - Statistics – Data usage estimator – This is not recommended as it expects a single datacap while our nightsurfer enabled bundles use data from two separate caps




11 – Status Information – A Broad overview of the connection Status including Signal Strength and IMEI number



12 – Parental control – optional for client
13 – SMS – NOT SUPPORTED

14 – PHONEBOOK – NOT SUPPORTED

15 – Advanced settings



A-      Power-Save – The ZTE device has the ability to use a battery and when on battery you can prolong the battery life by selecting different power options. NB BATTERY NOT PROVIDED

B – Router Settings - Here we can see and adjust router specific settings. They default settings below are reccomended.




C – Firewall – If the client requires custom firewall rules they can add them here


D – Update – Section for checking version and updating router firmware



E – Other Advanced Settings



Here we can both restart the device via the interface or reset the device to factory settings

             i – PIN MANAGEMENT – NOT SUPPORTED

ii – Reboot Scheduling – Clients can set there router to restart once or on a timed schedule



iii – SNTP – Time Settings – These should not need to ever be changed from default



iv – Network Tools – Here we can perform PING and TRACRT test directly from the router

                

               

v – Diagnostics – The diagnostic section can tell you at a glance if there are any obvious issues with the setup.

                

LTE PORTAL
To access the LTE portal you will either follow the link from the Myrsaweb home screen or use the URL : https://lte.myrsaweb.co.za/
Dashboard
When logged into the dashboard you will be presented with information pertaining to RSAWEB and the LTE connections loaded under that profile (RIS003). For us to assist clients we access the admin section from the menu on the left.



From that menu we then select orders



On this page we can see a list of all active clients as well as search for the client in question in order to gain access to their profile



COPY/CSV/Search
The search field allows you to narrow down the results displayed. using the copy option will save a copy of all listed search results, if no search term is input the function will copy all results. to your clipboard to paste elsewhere. Similarly the  CSV option allows you to save the displayed results as a .csv file.



The customer list is broken up into a series of columns that are also searchable fields
#ID - This is the Unique identifier for the service in this system and will not be used in a support capacity
CUSTOMER - The name of the customer as per their Myrsaweb profile, this is also a link to the aforementioned profile
PACKAGE - The LTE Package the client is on
STATUS - This first status field is the status of the SIM card with MTN
SIM NO - Unique identifier for the SIM card
MSISDN - The circuit number or telephone number of the SIM. Please note this number is not active for calling
STATUS (2) - This second status is for displaying the current LTE connection status
USAGE - The clients total usage for the month period (This will likely change with the introduction of anytime and nightime data)
ADDRESS - The address the client has the service at
LAST UPDATE - The last time an update was made to the clients service
PRICE - The price of the clients service per month

MORE DETAILS - The last column is where we go to view more details of a clients connection as well as perform management actions


Client Details Page


The client details page is split into 4 sections. Client Information, RICA Details, GPS Details as well as a section to show logs
1) Info
The info section provides basic details about the service including a link to the clients profile in Myrsaweb
2) Rica
The Rica section shows the details of who the SIM card is RICA'd to
3) GPS
The GPS section shows a map with the client current location. This section also allows us to update the gps details as per the below



In the address search bar type in the new address and then select the correct address from the list that appears



The new address will then be shown and will indicate if the new address is feasible for MTN fixed LTE. if feasible then you can click the "Update GPS" button to send the new address to MTN.

SIM LOG


The SIM LOG section will display information about previous topups the client has done.

EVENT LOG


The event log is where all the previous information regarding activation, RICA and GPS will be displayed.


Troubleshooting
Activation
The service in Myrsaweb will automatically be run when the client successfully connects. As such the service not being run in myrsaweb is an indication the service is not connected and is not an issue that would prevent connection.
No Connection
Has the router been rebooted?

Has the router been hard reset and reconfigured? (Using either a toothpick or paperclip and holding down the reset button at the back of the router while turned on.)

Under the second circle "My router", does it display UMTS or LTE?

- If it displays LTE and is turned off, please turn it ON

Has the following been confirmed in the router APN:

- PDP Type: IPv4

- Profile Name: RSAWEB

- APN: ws.rsaweb.fwa

Remove the sim card and then re-insert it again

What colour is the 3G/4G light?

Router signal strength: (Status Information – A Broad overview of the connection Status including Signal Strength and IMEI number)


UMTS
When the client's device is showing UMTS as the network type instead of LTE this is usually due to the SIM not being provisioned correctly with either RICA or GPS details

Slow speeds
Is this happening on all devices that are connected?

Check that no devices are running background app/widgets that could be affecting speeds

Test results of the speeds they are getting - Run a speed test to https://www.speedtest.net/ (Test to both RSAWEB and MTN server)

Move the router to different areas in the house as this could be related to signal issues

Remove the sim card and then re-insert it again

Has the router been hard reset and reconfigured? (Using either a toothpick or paperclip and holding down the reset button at the back of the router while turned on.)

Router signal strength: (Status Information – A Broad overview of the connection Status including Signal Strength and IMEI number)


Connection Quality or Drops


Check that the router maintains power when drops occur.
Is this happening on all devices that are connected?
Check that no devices are running background app/widgets that could be affecting speeds

Router signal strength: (Status Information – A Broad overview of the connection Status including Signal Strength and IMEI number)

Perform Ping and Traceroute tests to the site they are having issues

User to provide disconnect times


Relocations

For relocations we will require

- Line number

- Users name and contact number for more information (if we are unable to pick up the address on our end)

- New address

Sim Swap - Lost or damaged SIMS

Escalate to Projects - Logistics

Callouts

Please note this product does not qualify for onsite visits
Usage and Service Management
 Clients will be able to view their usage as well as manage the service when logged into Myrsaweb by clicking on the Fixed LTE section as per the below



They will then be logged into lte.myrsaweb.co.za and presented with a list of Fixed MTN LTE products under their account




Selecting a service will load the information page for that particular service.



The user will then be presented with all the information applicable to their service as per the below



1) Usage
      The circle graph shown is displayed as a percentage of the clients cap and is split into Used and Remaining Data. (This will change when Nightsurfer is implemented)
      Below the graph we see the total data remaining for the client.

2) Topup
      Section for clients to apply data topups. Please note for this service these are prepaid and billed as added. Please note clients must log in and do this themselves as it is a pre paid product and banking details will be required by the payment gateway.

3) Upgrade/Downgrade
     Clients and staff can apply for upgrades and downgrades here. These will take effect at the beginning of the next month. Please note clients must log in and do this themselves as it is a pre paid product and banking details will be required by the payment gateway.



4) Service Information
      Status - Shows us the current status of the client SIM card - A list of possible status's are available below
      Last IP - The live IP the service last used to connect on. For most cases this will also be the current live IP
      SIM - SIM Number
      Rica Contact - The Indicidual or business name under which the SIM is registered for RICA
      Location - This is where the fixed LTE service is registered to and must be used at.
5) Logs     
      This is a staff only section where we can see the various changes and actions applied tot he SIM card
RICA
We can check if the clients Sim has been successfully rica'd by looking at the order under their profile and checking for the following
if the Rica process has failed you will see a notification of such as well as a reason on the next line



If the Rica process has succeeded we will see confirmation as per the following.


 
This is a fixed LTE service and as such the customer cannot move the router around

• The router will only work within 5 KMs of the fixed address which is the RICA address unless a change has been requested
. • The customer may change the address up to 3 times a year should their fixed address change, subject to feasibility.
• RICA may fail due to many lines RICA’d against a specific ID number , this will result in a RICA error : RICA Pre - Paid Registration Threshold Per ID/Passport Number Limit Reached
• In this instance a copy of address and ID needs to be sent to MTN in order to allow for further RICA, this can take up to 48 business hours as it is done by the regulatory body and not MTN or RSAWEB.

Increasing the RICA Threshold Limit
This is only done in extreme cases and should be clarified with the sales agent as an email will need to be sent to our MTN AM Requesting this.

Lindiwe Magubane [ MTN South Africa ] < Lindiwe.Magubane@mtn.com >
RICA – uplifting the threshold -  for individual we require copy of ID and proof of address – ETA for limit lift is  2-3 days
Business RICA – uplifting the threshold – for business we require copy of directors ID, proof of address, and company letterhead requesting the RICA lift – ETA 2-3 days

Portal Information and Reporting a Fault
Log into the MTN portal
https://mtnsi.mtn.co.za/newcsp



The purpose of the self-help menu is to lookup relevant information related to a MSISDN , i.e., Subscriber Profile , Cell Information and related Sim Information , it also allows you to enter a customers GPS coordinates and get a view of the type of MTN coverage available.



MSISDN Lookup : Service Suspended - Location locked




MSISDN Lookup : Service Suspended   - Device locked




MSISDN Lookup : Service Suspended - Compliance locked




Location Lookup




Log a Support Ticket

The purpose of ‘log ticket’ functionality   is to enable the FLTE partner to open a trouble ticket with MTN related

  to either   1) Network coverage , 2) Single Service Issue , 3) Suspected MTN Network issue


Coverage Issue



Service Issue: Single MSISDN

Issue Type

• SIM Swop
• Suspend
• RICA issue
• DMA issue
• Unable to make calls
• Unable to receive calls
• General issue with MSISDN



Network Issue: Multiple MSISDN’s

Issue Type

• General DMA issue
• General RICA issue
• MTN Site or Area down
• General DNS issue
• General HSS issue
• Multiple Customers unable to make calls
• Multiple Customers unable to receive calls
• No network Coverage
• General issue with multiple MSISDN



Query Tickets


The purpose of ‘Query ticket’ is to view all open support tickets logged with MTN, including the Log date/time, ticket number and current status updates




MAPS
The purpose of ‘Map’ is to view MTN’s available coverage based on a customer's physical address




FAQ
The purpose of ‘FAQ’ is to provide a list of common issue and possible troubleshooting suggestions





Order Processing


1. Order placed on Website and payment made
2. Lead generated, Json field must be populated check for
      a. SKU (Product codes)
      b. Price
      c. Quantity
      d. Paid = True
3. Once lead converted to deal and won the Json should still reflect on deal and project card
4. The following are mandatory on MyRSAWEB for LTE specifically:
      a. ID number
      b. Customer contact account and technical
      c. RICA Address
5. The following are mandatory on the project card for LTE specifically, your order will not
be placed successfully f this is not on the card:
      a. Install address (RICA Address)
      b. Delivery address (customers can change this when CCD calls to schedule delivery)
      c. Json field populated with correct SKU’s customer ordered
      d. Email address
      e. Contact number
      f. Paid = True must be visible in the Json field or your order will not be processed
6. Welcome status: this will place the order on MyRSAWEB and Convergex, you will see a
successful order status come back as “Carrier API success”
7. An invoice for the hardware ordered and paid for will reflect on MyRSAWEB once the
order is placed and a
8. The order will then poll for updates every hour
9. Once a “delivered’ status is received the order will then run and add the service to the
customer profile
      a. the customer will not be pro-rated as he pays upfront for his service
      b. the customer will be allocated his full data bundle
      c. the customer will get billed for the next month if his service is run from the 20th to
            the end of the month as billing would have been processed.
10. “Delivered” statues will trigger the SIM number to be sent to MTN via API to process RICA
and activate the SIM, the “RICA Sent” status triggers an SMS to the client to insert their
SIM into their device which is required to geo lock the SIM card and complete activation.
11. A customer may get delivery at 10AM but delivered statuses only returns in the
afternoon once the driver is back at the depo and the RICA documentation has been
checked and uploaded.
12. RICA and LTE service checks can be seen on lte.myrsaweb.co.za portal, please use your
MyRSAWEB credentials to login.

Escalation Procedure
 When the normal trouble repair process does not meet your needs, you may follow these basic escalation procedures:

 Call the CNOC (083 869 0685) and ask to speak to the Team Leader.

 Supply the trouble ticket reference number.


OFFICE HOURS


Level


Escalation Path

Contact Number

Email Address

L0

For Ticket Logging Only [24/7]

083 123 0000

wholesaleza@mtn.com

L1

  MNS Desk   - 24/7 Support

[Follow-up on Existing Tickets]

083 123 0000

MNSDesk.za@mtn.com

L2

MNS Support Supervisor 1

MNS Support Supervisor 2

087 260 3969

087 740 0670

 

L3

MNS Support Manager

087 740 0698

 

L4

Escalation Senior Manager

087 740 0244

 








AFTERHOURS

Level

Description

Contact Number

Email Address

L0

For Ticket Logging Only [24/7]

083 123 0000

wholesaleza@mtn.com

L1

  MNS Desk   - 24/7 Support

[Follow-up on Existing Tickets]

083 123 0000

MNSDesk.za@mtn.com

L2

Afterhours Duty Manager

087 740 0139

 

L3

Escalation Manager

087 740 0278

 

L4

Escalation Senior Manager

087 740 0244

 


LTE Team Contacts

Patience Mdanda (Manager) -  Patience.Mdanda@mtn.com  - 083 212 0119
Rasigan Govender (Senior Manager) -  Rasigan.Govender@mtn.com  – 083 209 2968
Sham Pillay (GM) -  Sham.Pillay@mtn.com  – 083 212 2797

Link to article: https://support.rsaweb.co.za/agent/rsaweb/all/help-center/page?articlestatus=published&showAllArticles=true&rootcategoryId=6557000000057106&categoryId=6557000281013719&status=published#Solutions/dv/6557000221253173/en
