Video for Clients to Self Activate
Sharepoint Link
How to activate your Octotel Fibre video_2023_03 1.mp4
Activation
After confirming that the customer's service is completed and active in Periscope, the customer will need to connect a device to their WiFi.
*They will need to be only connected to the wifi and turn off all mobile data and mobile hotspot connections*

Once they are connected, direct them to activate.rsaweb.co.za and they should see the below splash page to enter their OTP key.


When they click on "Get Fibre Internet" they will get the below to activate their fibre package.



Troubleshooting
OTP expired or not working
Go to the customer's service on MyRSAWEB, manage the service and select "Send DHCP OTP"


After you have sent the OTP you can then manage the service and you will find the OTP under "History"


Check the router configuration
If the client is getting an orange internet light, ensure that the ethernet is connected correctly to the WAN port from the ONT LAN.
Login in to the router and check that the Operation mode is set to Router Mode and not Access Point.
Who gets the OTP SMS?
The technical contact on the customer's account will receive the key - if there is no technical contact the order cannot be activated/run

Successfully activated page


- Clear the browser cache 


- Make sure that the customer is only connected to the RSAWEB supplied service and disconnect all mobile data and mobile hotspot connections

Escalation
These steps are imperative for OTP troubleshooting
- Confirm the correct address where the customer is
- Confirm if they are using a new router
- Determine that the customer is getting the correct IP address (If it is not an RSAWEB IP or no IP address, e.g. 169, 172... log a fault with the provider)
- Confirm that the service is created under the customer's profile, if the service is not there, update the order as shown below.

For the order to run, the FSP status needs to be completed.
- Confirm that the customer is not suspended on MyRSAWEB - if they are, reach out to the Accounts department
- Before sending the ticket to L2 to escalate to SOC, please ensure that the following steps have been completed and noted in the ticket.
Ping 8.8.8.8
Ping google.com
Confirm that the customer has not set their own DNS as only the RSAWEB DNS will allow activation (The customer can change their DNS once they are activated)
If the customer has more than one service on the account, confirm that you are activating the correct one.
A hard reboot has been completed: (unplugging the power cable)
Tried using incognito:
Confirm router Operation mode:
The below will need to be included:
Customer name:
Address:
IP:
MAC:
New or old client:
Is the service active on the profile:
Circuit number

Link to article: https://support.rsaweb.co.za/agent/rsaweb/all/help-center/page?articlestatus=published&showAllArticles=true&rootcategoryId=6557000000057106&categoryId=6557000278926637&status=published#Solutions/dv/6557000290433843/en
